Alecb/generation api upgrade preannounce (#26249)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/DesktopVirtualization/DesktopVirtualization.Autorest/README.md

      parameter-name: Force
    set:
      parameter-description: 'Specify to force userSession deletion.'
  - where:

>       verb: (.*)

Author: You said you were doing the preannouncement for v4 upgrade, so I didn't include it here.

      parameter-name: Force
    set:
      parameter-description: 'Specify to force userSession deletion.'
  - where:
      verb: Register
    set:
      preview-announcement:

>         preview-message: This release will contain numerous breaking changes, please view the preannouncement here (https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell/blob/main/documentation/breaking-changes/upcoming-breaking-changes.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        preview-message: This release will contain numerous breaking changes, please view the preannouncement here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2292409)
```
